Now let's talk
about Amazon Elastic Transcoder.
So Elastic Transcoder is used to convert media files stored
in Amazon S3 into media files in the format required
by consumer playback devices, so phones, et cetera.
So let's take a concrete example.
You're going to put a media file,
so, for example, a video, into your Amazon S3 buckets,
and then you're going to run it
through your transcoding pipeline on Elastic Transcoder,
and it's going to convert that video file into a bunch
of different video files that are all going to be put
into an S3 output bucket.
And that output bucket is going to have a bunch
of files that are going to be compatible with a wide array
of different devices, such as your smartphones
your tablets, your PC, et cetera, et cetera.
So the benefits of using Elastic Transcoder
is that it's easy to use.
It's highly scalable, so the more files you have
in your N3 output bucket,
the more processing power that you're going to have.
It's cost effective because you're only going to pay
for the amount of time that your media was being transcoded,
and it's fully managed and secure.
You're only going to pay for what you use.
So the idea is that, yes,
it's perfect use case for the cloud.
So you don't need to spend money and money
on your EC2 instances to convert your files.
You can just use Elastic Transcoder
and just pay what has been consumed.
So I hope you liked this lecture.
I will see you in the next lecture.